names,main,star,review
Flipkart Customer,Good choice,4,"Writing this review after 2 weeks. PROS:-less weightHigh brightnessUser friendly Good speedNotification is stylish and very usefulGood in look when screen off😬Battery life is goodWater resistance works wellScreen quality is very good.. even i thought its gorilla glassYou can add any photo as wallpaperCONS:Screen size is disappointingApp is very bad..new update is not working well..please make better app developers. When changing to external wallpaper, time and date become little...READ MORE"
Flipkart Customer,Great product,5,Got the watch from Flipkart and I must say it's super worthy of the money. I track my exercise routine in it and it works wonders. Really a great smartwatchREAD MORE
Prativa Satpathy,Worth every penny,5,Wooww🖤Grt watch awesome 💌💌🖤I loved it super fabulous🖤Best of the brand like boat 💯READ MORE
Srikanth sriki,Delightful,4,"Boat smart watch nice  and decent product in this price range. The functionality is amazing and display quality is also good, the battery life is not so good compare to other smart watches this is the main drawback, the battery life comes for 5-6 days for 1 full charge. Belt quality good and smooth. ❤️ Rate sensor gives nearly accurate BPM and other good thing is oxygen sensor is good but I don't know how much accurate this, BP monitoring also there quite a good feature, music control is good...READ MORE"
Flipkart Customer,Excellent,5,Beautiful smart watch loved its look just awesome at this price....READ MORE
Flipkart Customer,Mind-blowing purchase,5,Watch is amazing. Looks so good & battery is good last for 4 to 5 days. Great deal..Thank you Flipkart💖😊👏READ MORE
Piyush Kaliya,Fabulous!,5,"Writing this review after 11 days.1. Price :- This watch is best in this price segment as compared to other brands/SW.This watch comes with a lot of pros.2. Battery :- Battery is beast. (Charged it to 99% and it's 42% available now after using it 11 days continuously.)3. Display :- Display is best according to the price.4. Accuracy :- Accuracy is very good.(step counter, heart rate, SpO2)5. Connectivity :- Connectivity is seamless.(No issues in connection and synchronisation)6. Looks ...READ MORE"
Mitesh Shah,Perfect product!,5,Good watch...👍Use after 10 day .and one time charge. Battery backup so nice upto 9-10 day...my boat watch received 10 days..afterUse boat strom watch quality GOOD nice and metal body casing so good wach belt quality.cloued based watch 38 face.and later OTA UPDATE. version 7 update but boat storm v7 personalize face watch not avaliable in pro gear app Please. So next update add features in pro gear and all of good nice watch in price rangeREAD MORE
Bhagyashree Patil,Highly recommended,5,This watch looks really cool. I loved it. Thanks for fast delivery. Excellent choice for those who are looking for a fitness band.READ MORE
Rahul Raut,Does the job,3,"Been using this Watch since it's launch. 30th Oct 2020. The product seems good initially, but fails to impress after long time use.Pros:1. The watch is lightweight & has slightly premium look. 2. The battery life is good, It lasts more than a week if you don't record any activity & a week if any activities are recorded. (Auto heart rate monitor on & with wake up gesture on)3. The apps gives good amount of the info about the daily exercise, sleep, and heart rate.4. The OS is simple.Con...READ MORE"
